README.md, before:

# ys

## YMODEM send for Elf/OS

Usage:
```
   ys file1 [file2... filen]
```

"ys" is a YMODEM send program for Elf/OS. You can specify
multiple files on the command line, but not (yet?) wildcards.

### Status

Build 8 includes automatic UART configuration. Using BIOS calls for
all I/O isn't quite fast enough to catch the ACK and CRC/NAK at the
end of a block 0 send using the big banged UART, so inlined code needs
to be used. The price that had to be paid for that is having to figure
out which EF line is being used, and what the idling states of that line
and Q are.

Thanks to [David Madole](https://github.com/dmadole) coming up with some
ingenious code to figure out which EF line is being used, ys can 
automatically configure itself for either a real UART (all BIOS calls) 
or a soft UART using any of the EF lines, and any polarity on both
receive and transmit.

### Inspiration

* [Elfos-yr](https://github.com/dmadole/Elfos-yr)<br>
* [Elfos-Elf-xr](https://github.com/rileym65/Elf-Elfos-xr)<br>

Commit message:

Sending a directory sends all the ordinary files in that directory

README.md, after:

# ys

## YMODEM send for Elf/OS

Usage:
```
   ys file1 [file2... filen]
```

"ys" is a YMODEM send program for Elf/OS. You can specify
multiple files on the command line, but not (yet?) wildcards.

### Status

Build 9 includes the ability to send all the files in a single directory
by just including the directory name. For instance, if you wanted to
send all the files in /bin, you'd use the command:

```
   ys /bin
```

It's not recursive; if there were subdirectories within bin, the files
within them wouldn't be sent.

Build 8 includes automatic UART configuration. Using BIOS calls for
all I/O isn't quite fast enough to catch the ACK and CRC/NAK at the
end of a block 0 send using the big banged UART, so inlined code needs
to be used. The price that had to be paid for that is having to figure
out which EF line is being used, and what the idling states of that line
and Q are.

Thanks to [David Madole](https://github.com/dmadole) coming up with some
ingenious code to figure out which EF line is being used, ys can 
automatically configure itself for either a real UART (all BIOS calls) 
or a soft UART using any of the EF lines, and any polarity on both
receive and transmit.

### Inspiration

* [Elfos-yr](https://github.com/dmadole/Elfos-yr)<br>
* [Elfos-Elf-xr](https://github.com/rileym65/Elf-Elfos-xr)<br>
